# Team 10 - Use of Colour for Data Visualisation Report 
|Contents|
|--------|
|[Team Management](#team-management)|
|[Jump to Requirements:](#requirements)|
|[Jump to Specification](#specification)|
|[Jump to Testing](#test-plan)|




## Team Management 

<details><summary> expand details </summary>

#### Project Contributors 
- Zhening Zhu <br>
    - scyzz7@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Nita Krasniqi <br>
    - psynk8@nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Jamie Vickers <br>
    - psyjv3@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Yizhan Huang <br>
    - scyyh11@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Hyanggi Lee <br>
    - psyhl8@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Wenfei Qi <br>
    - scywq1@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Luke Whitfield <br>
    - psylw1@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk

<br><br>



##### Project Management / Task Split

[image of table from word]
[sub team descriptions, reasoning for sub team allocations]<br>
<br>

[image of meetings on a calender]<br>
<br>

##### Trello - Kanban Board:



![trello QR](/Documents/trello_QR.png)

<br>

or use link: https://trello.com/b/BfxyxiJn

<br>






#### Meeting Minutes 



<details><summary>Wednesday 28th September 2022</summary>


### Location & Time: George Green Library Group Study Room C06 1pm


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| N |
|Yizhan H| Y (on teams) |
| Nita K| Y|
|Wenfei Q| Y (on teams) |
|Luke W| Y |


### Agenda:

- Discuss team leadership roles 
- Discuss individual strengths and weaknesses/ programming skills 
- Review projects, create rough shortlist 

### Points Discussed:
- Nita chosen as team leader
- Hyanggi chosen as team admin 
- Luke chosen as git leader 

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| complete admin form | Hyanggi |
| create form for ranking projects| Nita|
| complete form to rank favourite projects| Everyone|
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>
<details><summary>Monday 3rd October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 3 2.30pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H| Y |
| Nita K| Y|
|Wenfei Q| Y|
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Review results of form for ranking projects
- Create and agree on ranked shortlist 
- Re-review our skills in relation to project 

### Points Discussed:
- first choice, second choice .... for projects

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Register interest in project 04-10| Hyanggi |
| Register interest in project 05-10| Hyanggi|
| Register interest in project| Hyanggi|
| Get CVs ready for next meeting to peer review | Everyone|
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>


<details><summary>Thursday 6th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 2 9.30am

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H| Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda:
- Review projects assigned 
- Start writing EoI
- Pitch ideas and plans 
- Review each other's CV's

### Points Discussed:
- Skills related to 3 assigned projects
- start to upload CV draft in group teams
- start to plan for pitch/EOI - more details in next week lecture
### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Complete with fill in the EOI form about interests/skills with bullet points for - Visual Field Test | Everyone |
| Complete with fill in the EOI form about interests/skills with bullet points for - use of colour for data | Everyone | 
| Complete with fill in the EOI form about interests/skills with bullet points for - Automata Simulation Kit | Everyone |
| start to upload CV draft to teams for next meeting | Everyone | 
| Textual Analysis and Use Case Diagram for Visual Field Test | Nita |
| Questions and Assumptions for client of Visual Field Test | Everyone |
| Textual Analysis and Use Case Diagram for use of colour for data | Nita|
| Questions and assumptions for client for use of colour for data | Everyone | 
| Textual Analysis and Use Case Diagram for Automata Simulation Kit| Nita|
| Questions and assumptions for client for Automata Simulation Kit| Everyone | 
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>


<details><summary>Monday 10th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 2 at 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Discuss rough plan outline for each project
- Review EoIs
- Pitch plans 
- Final CV draft reviews
- Questions and Assumptions for clients

### Points Discussed:
- how to rewrite EOI after EOI preparation lecture
- pitch idea/plan for script
- Discuss rough plan 
- start to peer review for CV

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Review EOI and re-do(Finalize) | Everyone |
| Write Pitch script | Everyone |
| Peer Review CV| Everyone |
| fill in EoI for Use of Colour| Yizhan |
| fill in for EoI for automata | Jamie |
| help in all of them and KL2C too| Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>
<details><summary>Thursday 13rd October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 3 1:00pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | N (Covid) |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| N |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Peer review CVs
- Pitch script & ppt plan
- Discuss when we finish pitch ppt & ppt
- evidence that we needs

### Points Discussed:
- Hyanggi -> make presentation for visual field test
- Jamie -> make presentation for Automata presentation
- Wenfei, Yizhan -> make presentation for use of Colour
- Hyanggi -> Upload reversi game demo video
- Jamie -> Upload Jamie example
- Nita, Yizhan, Zhening -> design examples (look in design paragraph of EOI)
- Nita -> Upload use of colour prototype
- Luke -> Databases and Interfaces
- Zhening -> WeChat example of work
- Upload other work experience (Photo/ demo videos)

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make presentation for pitch by Saturday(next meeting) | Everyone |
| make script for pitch by Saturday (next meeting) | Everyone |
| take record in next meeting | Everyone |
| upload resources that needs for ppt | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>

<details><summary>Saturday 15th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room02 @ 3pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y (on teams) |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Filming Pitch Video

### Points Discussed:
- n\a

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Upload Powerpoint Materials | Zhening , Yizhan, Luke |
| Upload video materials from todays meeting | Wenfei| 
| Upload demo video for Reversi game| Hyanggi |
| Upload video speaking about own experience | Jamie , Luke , Zhening |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>

<details><summary>Monday 17th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: Groundfloor in cs building 3 2:30pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Peer review CVs
- finalize for the pitch video

### Points Discussed:
- Nita, Zhening, Luke, Jamie needs to upload video
- Hyanggi needs to upload retake for reversi game demo video
- Questions we have for clients to ask in meeting

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| retake video for finalize pitch video | (everyone) |
| Continue editing 3 pitch videos | Nita |
| Upload intro / outro videos | Luke |
| Upload team experience and leadership videos | Nita| 
| Continue to add questions for clients in the document | everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>
<details><summary>Tuesday 18th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: Hub room in cs building 3 12:00pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda:
- finalize everything for pitch, Eol, CV
- finalize for the pitch video

### Points Discussed:
- Finalize for what should we need to edit more for the pitch

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Create additional background slides | Yizhan, Zhening |
| Make Final Pitch Video Edits | Nita |
| upload CV, pitch, EOI | Hyanggi(Team admin) |
| upload CV individually | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 25th October 2022</summary>

### Location and Time: Room A26 Business South Building @ 2pm 


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda

- Q&A with clients


### Points Discussed:


- First, second and third choice for projects


### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Submit order of preference | Hyanggi |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 1st November 2022 </summary>

### Location and Time: Group Study Room 02 DLRC @ 10am


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- Prepare for the meeting with Supervisor

### Points Discussed:
- create an report for supervisor meeting
ex. Git Report, Trello Kanban board, list of skills of group, fill ethics form

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Create an GroupReport.md in gitlab | Nita |
| Create an Trello on the teams | Nita |
| Create an TeamManagement docs on teams | Nita |
| Fill in the PreliminaryEthics form and upload | Hyanggi |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 1st November 2022 - With Supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time: CS Atrium @ 3pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss about project(Use Of Colour For Data Visualisation)

### Points Discussed:
- what to Prepare for the project
- detail instruction of the Project

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Prepare short presentation about every list of technologies for next meeting with supervisor | Everyone |
| Labelling Ideas for the project | Everyone |
| Textual Analysis + usecase diagram | Everyone |
| Sequence + Activity Diagram | Everyone |
| Prepare for the prototype | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>

<details><summary> Thursday 3rd November 2022</summary>

### Location and Time: Dearing Building A30 @ 2pm-4pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y(on teams) |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- technologies presentations 
- Q&A with each other 
- Decide which technologies are most suitable for our project 

### Points Discussed:
- most useful front-end technology
- most useful back-end technology 
- most useful web hosting technology 
- questions for supervisor 

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Email project supervisor questions | Zhening |
| Integrate all individual powerpoints into one, ready for Tuesday Meeting | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Nita |

</details>

<details><summary>Tuesday 8th November 2022 - With Supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : ... @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y(on teams) |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- technologies presentations 
- Q&A with each other 
- talk about how the project is going for next step

### Points Discussed:
- presentation about technologies
- about middleware
- about backend
- about web hosting

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| making textual analysis + user case + personas for this week | Everyone |
| builds our own "Hello world" web page | Everyone |
| update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |
| Fill the preliminary form and submit | Hyanggi |


</details>
<details><summary>Tuesday 15th November 2022 - With Supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- Hello World website checking
- Q&A with each other 
- talk about how the project is going for next step

### Points Discussed:
- what should we have to do for next step
- Mern (includes all front-end libraries)
- Express.js (backend)
- Netlify
- Amazon AWS
- Google is not a good choice for web hosting the color annotator
- Vercel

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make another website with two buttons on it | Everyone |
| Choose a web host: Netlify, Amazon AWS, or Vercel (all 3 must be covered amongst the team) | Everyone |
| Choose a front-end framework: Vue.js, React.js,  a third front-end library is welcome (all must be covered amongst the team) | Everyone |

</details>

<details><summary> Thursday 17th November 2022</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss about the requirements (textual analysis, use case, persona, user stories, activity diagram, sequence diagram)
- discuss about the idea for persona + user stories

### Points Discussed:
- How to write persona + user stories
- Provide the idea together for persona

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Textual anaylsis + use case diagram (already done) | Nita |
| Do the persona + user stories | Everyone |

</details>
</details>

## Requirements

#### Textual Analysis 

<details><summary> </summary>

![textual analysis](/Documents/textual_team10.png)

** Questions and Assumptions**
 
- Q1: Who is the user? 

</details>

#### Use Case 

<details><summary> </summary>

![use case](/Documents/usecase_team10.png)

[context and justification of building a use case diagram]<br>
[questions and assumptions formed]
</details>

#### Personas + User Stories

<details><summary> </summary>
[photo of personas]<br>
[context and justification of making personas]<br>
[questions and assumptions formed]

| Persona | Photo | Name | Job Title | Demogrpahics | Goals and Tasks | Environment | 
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Jamie - biology undergrad student who has general interest in use of colour | | | | | | | 
| Yizhan - elderly researcher who is used to doing work. manually not with computer | | | | | | | 
| Sellena - professor who is profficient with technology| | | | | | | 
| Luke - phd student Lobert| | | | | | | 
| Zhening - someone who attends use of colour conferences | | | | | | | 

#### User Stories

##### biology -undergrad name ...


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As a [user], I want [functionality] so that [benefit] | | | 
|  |  | | 

##### elderly researcher name ...


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As a [user], I want [functionality] so that [benefit] | | | 
|  |  | | 

[ context and justification of making user stories] <br>
[questions and assumptions formed]
</details>

## Specification

#### Activity Diagram 

<details><summary> </summary>

</details>

#### Sequence Diagram 

<details><summary> </summary>

</details>


#### Prototype

<details><summary> </summary>

</details>


## Test Plan 

<details><summary> </summary>

|Test|Reason|Inputs|Expected Outcome|Pass/Fail|Notes|
|----|---------------|------|----------------|-------|------|
| | | | | | |

<details><summary>Code Fixes</summary>
 

| Test | Why it failed | What changed to make them pass |
| ------ | ------------ | ------ |
| | | |
</details>


</details>
