# Meeting Minutes 

<details><summary>Wednesday 28th September 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: George Green Library Group Study Room C06 1pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| N |
|Yizhan H| Y (on teams) |
| Nita K| Y|
|Wenfei Q| Y (on teams) |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Discuss team leadership roles 
- Discuss individual strengths and weaknesses/ programming skills 
- Review projects, create rough shortlist 

### Points Discussed:
- Nita chosen as team leader
- Hyanggi chosen as team admin 
- Luke chosen as git leader 

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| complete admin form | Hyanggi |
| create form for ranking projects| Nita|
| complete form to rank favourite projects| Everyone|

</details>
<details><summary>Monday 3rd October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 3 2.30pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H| Y |
| Nita K| Y|
|Wenfei Q| Y|
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Review results of form for ranking projects
- Create and agree on ranked shortlist 
- Re-review our skills in relation to project 

### Points Discussed:
- first choice, second choice .... for projects

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Register interest in project 04-10| Hyanggi |
| Register interest in project 05-10| Hyanggi|
| Register interest in project| Hyanggi|
| Get CVs ready for next meeting to peer review | Everyone|

</details>

</details>
<details><summary>Thursday 6th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 2 11am

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L |  |
|Zhening Z |  |
|Jamie V|  |
|Yizhan H|  |
| Nita K| |
|Wenfei Q| |
|Luke W|  |

### Agenda:
- Review projects assigned 
- Start writing EoI
- Pitch ideas and plans 
- Review each other's CV's

### Points Discussed:


### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|


</details>

