# Team 10 - Use of Colour for Data Visualisation Report 
|Contents|
|--------|
|[Team Management](#team-management)|
|[Jump to Requirements:](#requirements)|
|[Jump to Specification](#specification)|
|[Requirements and Specifications Document](#requirements-and-specifications-document)
|[Jump to Testing](#test-plan)|




## Team Management 

<details><summary> expand details </summary>

#### Project Contributors 
- Zhening Zhu <br>
    - scyzz7@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Nita Krasniqi <br>
    - psynk8@nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Jamie Vickers <br>
    - psyjv3@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Yizhan Huang <br>
    - scyyh11@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Hyanggi Lee <br>
    - psyhl8@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Wenfei Qi <br>
    - scywq1@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk <br>
- Luke Whitfield <br>
    - psylw1@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk

<br><br>


##### Trello - Kanban Board:



![trello QR](/Documents/trello_QR.png)

<br>

or use link: https://trello.com/b/BfxyxiJn

<br>



#### Meeting Minutes 



<details><summary>Wednesday 28th September 2022</summary>


### Location & Time: George Green Library Group Study Room C06 1pm


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| N |
|Yizhan H| Y (on teams) |
| Nita K| Y|
|Wenfei Q| Y (on teams) |
|Luke W| Y |


### Agenda:

- Discuss team leadership roles 
- Discuss individual strengths and weaknesses/ programming skills 
- Review projects, create rough shortlist 

### Points Discussed:
- Nita chosen as team leader
- Hyanggi chosen as team admin 
- Luke chosen as git leader 

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| complete admin form | Hyanggi |
| create form for ranking projects| Nita|
| complete form to rank favourite projects| Everyone|
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>
<details><summary>Monday 3rd October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 3 2.30pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H| Y |
| Nita K| Y|
|Wenfei Q| Y|
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Review results of form for ranking projects
- Create and agree on ranked shortlist 
- Re-review our skills in relation to project 

### Points Discussed:
- first choice, second choice .... for projects

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Register interest in project 04-10| Hyanggi |
| Register interest in project 05-10| Hyanggi|
| Register interest in project| Hyanggi|
| Get CVs ready for next meeting to peer review | Everyone|
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>


<details><summary>Thursday 6th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 2 9.30am

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H| Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda:
- Review projects assigned 
- Start writing EoI
- Pitch ideas and plans 
- Review each other's CV's

### Points Discussed:
- Skills related to 3 assigned projects
- start to upload CV draft in group teams
- start to plan for pitch/EOI - more details in next week lecture
### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Complete with fill in the EOI form about interests/skills with bullet points for - Visual Field Test | Everyone |
| Complete with fill in the EOI form about interests/skills with bullet points for - use of colour for data | Everyone | 
| Complete with fill in the EOI form about interests/skills with bullet points for - Automata Simulation Kit | Everyone |
| start to upload CV draft to teams for next meeting | Everyone | 
| Textual Analysis and Use Case Diagram for Visual Field Test | Nita |
| Questions and Assumptions for client of Visual Field Test | Everyone |
| Textual Analysis and Use Case Diagram for use of colour for data | Nita|
| Questions and assumptions for client for use of colour for data | Everyone | 
| Textual Analysis and Use Case Diagram for Automata Simulation Kit| Nita|
| Questions and assumptions for client for Automata Simulation Kit| Everyone | 
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>


<details><summary>Monday 10th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 2 at 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Discuss rough plan outline for each project
- Review EoIs
- Pitch plans 
- Final CV draft reviews
- Questions and Assumptions for clients

### Points Discussed:
- how to rewrite EOI after EOI preparation lecture
- pitch idea/plan for script
- Discuss rough plan 
- start to peer review for CV

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Review EOI and re-do(Finalize) | Everyone |
| Write Pitch script | Everyone |
| Peer Review CV| Everyone |
| fill in EoI for Use of Colour| Yizhan |
| fill in for EoI for automata | Jamie |
| help in all of them and KL2C too| Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>
<details><summary>Thursday 13rd October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room 3 1:00pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | N (Covid) |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| N |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Peer review CVs
- Pitch script & ppt plan
- Discuss when we finish pitch ppt & ppt
- evidence that we needs

### Points Discussed:
- Hyanggi -> make presentation for visual field test
- Jamie -> make presentation for Automata presentation
- Wenfei, Yizhan -> make presentation for use of Colour
- Hyanggi -> Upload reversi game demo video
- Jamie -> Upload Jamie example
- Nita, Yizhan, Zhening -> design examples (look in design paragraph of EOI)
- Nita -> Upload use of colour prototype
- Luke -> Databases and Interfaces
- Zhening -> WeChat example of work
- Upload other work experience (Photo/ demo videos)

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make presentation for pitch by Saturday(next meeting) | Everyone |
| make script for pitch by Saturday (next meeting) | Everyone |
| take record in next meeting | Everyone |
| upload resources that needs for ppt | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>

<details><summary>Saturday 15th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: DLRC Group Study Room02 @ 3pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y (on teams) |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Filming Pitch Video

### Points Discussed:
- n\a

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Upload Powerpoint Materials | Zhening , Yizhan, Luke |
| Upload video materials from todays meeting | Wenfei| 
| Upload demo video for Reversi game| Hyanggi |
| Upload video speaking about own experience | Jamie , Luke , Zhening |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>

<details><summary>Monday 17th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: Groundfloor in cs building 3 2:30pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda:
- Peer review CVs
- finalize for the pitch video

### Points Discussed:
- Nita, Zhening, Luke, Jamie needs to upload video
- Hyanggi needs to upload retake for reversi game demo video
- Questions we have for clients to ask in meeting

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| retake video for finalize pitch video | (everyone) |
| Continue editing 3 pitch videos | Nita |
| Upload intro / outro videos | Luke |
| Upload team experience and leadership videos | Nita| 
| Continue to add questions for clients in the document | everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>
<details><summary>Tuesday 18th October 2022</summary>

### Location & Time: Hub room in cs building 3 12:00pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda:
- finalize everything for pitch, Eol, CV
- finalize for the pitch video

### Points Discussed:
- Finalize for what should we need to edit more for the pitch

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Create additional background slides | Yizhan, Zhening |
| Make Final Pitch Video Edits | Nita |
| upload CV, pitch, EOI | Hyanggi(Team admin) |
| upload CV individually | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 25th October 2022</summary>

### Location and Time: Room A26 Business South Building @ 2pm 


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda

- Q&A with clients


### Points Discussed:


- First, second and third choice for projects


### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Submit order of preference | Hyanggi |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 1st November 2022 </summary>

### Location and Time: Group Study Room 02 DLRC @ 10am


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- Prepare for the meeting with Supervisor

### Points Discussed:
- create an report for supervisor meeting
ex. Git Report, Trello Kanban board, list of skills of group, fill ethics form

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Create an GroupReport.md in gitlab | Nita |
| Create an Trello on the teams | Nita |
| Create an TeamManagement docs on teams | Nita |
| Fill in the PreliminaryEthics form and upload | Hyanggi |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 1st November 2022 - With Supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time: CS Atrium @ 3pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss about project(Use Of Colour For Data Visualisation)

### Points Discussed:
- what to Prepare for the project
- detail instruction of the Project

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Prepare short presentation about every list of technologies for next meeting with supervisor | Everyone |
| Labelling Ideas for the project | Everyone |
| Textual Analysis + usecase diagram | Everyone |
| Sequence + Activity Diagram | Everyone |
| Prepare for the prototype | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |


</details>

<details><summary> Thursday 3rd November 2022</summary>

### Location and Time: Dearing Building A30 @ 2pm-4pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y(on teams) |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- technologies presentations 
- Q&A with each other 
- Decide which technologies are most suitable for our project 

### Points Discussed:
- most useful front-end technology
- most useful back-end technology 
- most useful web hosting technology 
- questions for supervisor 

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Email project supervisor questions | Zhening |
| Integrate all individual powerpoints into one, ready for Tuesday Meeting | Everyone |
| Update meeting minutes | Nita |

</details>

<details><summary>Tuesday 8th November 2022 - With Supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : ... @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y(on teams) |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- technologies presentations 
- Q&A with each other 
- talk about how the project is going for next step

### Points Discussed:
- presentation about technologies
- about middleware
- about backend
- about web hosting

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| making textual analysis + user case + personas for this week | Everyone |
| builds our own "Hello world" web page | Everyone |
| update meeting minutes | Hyanggi |
| Fill the preliminary form and submit | Hyanggi |


</details>
<details><summary>Tuesday 15th November 2022 - With Supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- Hello World website checking
- Q&A with each other 
- talk about how the project is going for next step

### Points Discussed:
- what should we have to do for next step
- Mern (includes all front-end libraries)
- Express.js (backend)
- Netlify
- Amazon AWS
- Google is not a good choice for web hosting the color annotator
- Vercel

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make another website with two buttons on it | Everyone |
| Choose a web host: Netlify, Amazon AWS, or Vercel (all 3 must be covered amongst the team) | Everyone |
| Choose a front-end framework: Vue.js, React.js,  a third front-end library is welcome (all must be covered amongst the team) | Everyone |

</details>

<details><summary> Thursday 17th November 2022</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss about the requirements (textual analysis, use case, persona, user stories, activity diagram, sequence diagram)
- discuss about the idea for persona + user stories

### Points Discussed:
- How to write persona + user stories
- Provide the idea together for persona

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Textual anaylsis + use case diagram (already done) | Nita |
| Do the persona + user stories | Everyone |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 22nd November - with supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- review the task set by Bob, individually making a website that flicks through 5 images, using different front end and web services
- talk about the next documentation steps

### Points Discussed:
- what to improve on the websites we made
- the general uses of the colour annotation tools 

### Meeting Take-Aways/To-Dos:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Activity Diagram for tool 1| Nita |
| Activity Diagram for tool 2| Jamie | 
| Activity Diagram for tool 3 | Nita |
| Sequence Diagram | Zhening | 
| Individually create webiste that can navigate through all of the ohio database photos | Everyone |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 29th November - with supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- keep talking about the project for next documentation step

### Points Discussed:
- talk about the things that we need to improve on the websites for the next step
- the general uses of the colour annotation tools 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make website for everyone with add 6 questions to interface | Everyone |

</details>

<details><summary> Thursday 1st December</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- what style would we like to have on our website 
- what library we can use to help us 

### Points Discussed:
- we have got aws to work now 
- using MUI core

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make website for everyone with add 6 questions to interface | Everyone |

</details>
<details><summary> Tuesday 6th December - with supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- discuss remaining features to annotation tool 

### Points Discussed:

- who marks the interim report


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Save annotation results, you can choose how: database, CSV, flat file + finishing touches to annotation tool | Everyone |
| Change background colour to webpage | Jamie + Nita |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 6th December</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 4pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- discuss interim report structure 

### Points Discussed:

- the structure we want is : project brief, requirements, research into technolgoies, group split, adim and reflection


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Write own paragraph for group split | Everyone |
| Write section to project brief  | Zhening |
| Write section to requirements | Zhening |
| Write section to technologies | Jamie |
| Write section to admin | Nita |
| Write section to reflection | Nita 

</details>

<details><summary> Monday 12th December</summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda

- discuss if meeting with supervisor tomrrow 
- merge git branches 
- finishing interim report 
- add 1 point to brief 
- add 1 point to technologies 

### Points Discussed:

- reviewing each other's paragraphs on the interim report 
- finishing the annotation tool before friday for supervisor 


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Peer review | Everyone |
| Submit interim report| Hyanggi | 
| Merge branches on git | Luke | 


</details>


<details><summary> Tuesday 7th Feburary with supervisor 2023</summary>

### Location and Time: CS Atrium @ 10am 


| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  N |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda

- discuss for meeting time with supervisor
- discuss about progress with prototype

### Points Discussed:

- helping with team members together for making prototype with next step
- working with group as a team


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Try to get an annotation prototype working that can store results -completing the task from 6 Dec 2022| Everyone |


</details>

<details><summary> Friday 10th Feburary 2023</summary>

### Location and Time: CS building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| N |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- discuss for next step (development for second semester with teams /feedback)
- discuss for project

### Points Discussed:

- review the feedback about last term final report
- discuss about the tool for the project


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| annotate the tool | Everyone |

</details>

<details> <summary> Tuesday 14th February - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: Atrium @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss group split 
- review progress on tools 

### Points Discussed:

- improvements to be made on each prototype 
- once everyone completes these final fixes then we can begin to work on one prototype
- will work from Zhening's prototpye 


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| update GUI to display results saved | Jamie |
| store results in databse  | Wenfei, Luke & Yizhan |
| add username to store results | Nita & Zhening |

</details>

<details> <summary> Friday 17th February </summary>

### Location and Time: CS Building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| N |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss group split 
- assign teams 

### Points Discussed:

- will work from Zhening's prototpye 


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Set up annotations | Zhening |


</details>

<details> <summary> Tuesday 21st February - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: Atrium @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| N |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- reviewing annotations 

### Points Discussed:

- Zhening completing the annotation training 
- next week Jamie will complete annotation training 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| update annotations on your account to be the same as Zhening's | Everyone | 


</details>

<details> <summary> Friday 24th February </summary>

### Location and Time: CS Building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- discuss group split 
- approach to the two tools 
- interface of the tools 

### Points Discussed:

- team validation: Zhening, Wenfei, Luke, Sellena 
- team exploration: Jamie, Nita , Yizhan 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| annotate 50 more images | Everyone |
</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 28th February - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: Atrium @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda
- review annotations

### Points Discussed:

- Jamie completed annotation training 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| update annotation results to the same as Jamie's | Everyone |
| show annotation results of 1 user  | Team Validation |
| show all annotated images | Team Exploration |
| Use “Update Button” if results are already there and are being updated, Automatic update if the user hits “next” | Zhening |
| Annotate 50 more images | Everyone | 



</details>

<details><summary> Friday 3rd March </summary>

### Location and Time: CS Building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  N |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| N |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- split tasks between group 
- approach to tasks

### Points Discussed:

- does Bob want the exploration tool in the final prototype to display all annotated images or only validated ones? 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| create the photo grid | Jamie |
| create drop down menu for filtering the images | Nita |
| style the exploration tool page | Yizhan|
| Complete the validation tool task | Zhening |
| set up github organisation | Luke | 



</details>


<details><summary> Tuesday 7th March - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: CS Building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda

- discuss exploration orogress
- discuss validation progress 
- review annotations

### Points Discussed:

- sub team leader for validation is Zhening 
- sub team leader for exploration is Jamie 
- Nita has completed annotation training
- Luke will be the annotation trainee next week 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Choose which years to show of the images. Start date and end date | Exploration Team |
| User can choose whose images to display along with their annotations | Validiation Team |
| Update Q2: Replace “Data Visualization” with two new options: “Color Mapping” and “Depth Perception” | Zhening |
| For the previous annotations where “Data Visualization” is checked map that to “Color Mapping” | Everyone |
| Update your annotations 101-150 to correspond with Nita's | everyone | 
| annotate images 151-200 | everyone| 



</details>


<details><summary> Friday 10th March </summary>

### Location and Time: CS Building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | N |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| N |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- approach to team exploration task, what needs to be done for it to be acheived 
- group split for team exploration 


### Points Discussed:

- only team exploration has met because Zhening has finished all of team validation's work 

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| make a slider to choose the years, start date and end date | Nita |
| get the values that the slider returns to be able to use in the code to filter  | Jamie |
| write code, if statement, to filter the correct years from the slider | Yizhan|

</details>



<details><summary> Tuesday 14th March - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: CS Building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | Y |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- review progress 
- Luke's training images 
- new tasks to be set 


### Points Discussed:

- layout of the validation tool 
- to have supervisor meetings in the CS Hub from now on  
- Wenfei will complete the training session next week

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Make year labels more visible, Move slider away from edge of page, Use the annotated images as your dataset, User Option: image size, Make default image sizes the same as the original explorer tool | Team Exploration |
| Show empty set when a user is chosen that has not done any labeling/annotation, It should be possible to select two users and then show only the images that those two users annotated | Team Validation |


</details>



<details><summary> Wednesday 15th March </summary>

### Location and Time: CS The Hub @ 2pm 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| Y |

### Agenda

- ideas on approaching this week's validation tool task 
- splitting the work for exploration tool  


### Points Discussed:

- Zhening and Jamie found a way to complete the validation tool, it is difficult 
- it is difficult to split the work for team validation


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Complete Bob's set task for team validation | Zhening |
| Fix image sizing  | Jamie |
| Fix style of year slider | Nita | 
| Complete the css for exploration tool | Yizhan | 


</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 21st March - with supervisor</summary>

### Location and Time : CS The Hub @ 10am

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- review progress 
- Wenfei's image training 
- tasks to be set 

### Points Discussed:
- better styling is needed
- automatic detection of black and white images 


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| annotate 50 images | Yizhan |
| annotate 200 images | Wenfei, Zhening, Jamie, Nita |
| fix navigation button | annotation tool - Wenfei |
| Add a visual indicator next to each username showing how many images they have annotated, User option: Select one user and then show only the images that one user annotated, User option: Select two users and then show only the images that two users annotated | Team Validation - Zhening & Wenfei |
| Make user options and year labels more visible, Move slider away from edge of page, Use the annotated images as your dataset, Make default image sizes the same as the original explorer tool, The users options are all filter by question/answer | Team Exploration - Nita, Jamie, Yizhan |

</details>

<details><summary> Wednesday 22nd March </summary>

### Location and Time : CS Atrium @ 2pm

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V|  Y |
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda
- group split 
- approaches to Bob's set task

### Points Discussed:
- how the images will be shown on the annotation tool for up to 1100 images 
- how we could do automatic black and white detection of images 
- how to add more filters for the exploration tool

|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| css for exploration tool & changing the number of images per column filter to a slider | Yizhan |
| Add filter for black and white images, colour images and categorical/continuous images | Jamie |
| Add the remaining 4 filters | Nita  |
| Fix Bob's feedback for validation tooll | Wenfei & Zhening | 


</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 28th March 2023 - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: CS building @ 10am 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y|
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- reviewing progress
- yizhan to complete training 

### Points Discussed:

- exploration tool progress ; user options more viewable, more filters added 
- home page added with user manual 
- potentially add a demo video to the home page 
- why some filters on exploration tool don't work 
- notes category in the validation tool 
- next supervisor meeting will be in May


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| fix the incorrect filtering on the exploration tool | team exploration |
| expand image when clicked | team exploration |
| when two users are chosen, indicate how many images in common they have annotated | team validation | 
| add visual indicator to show how many images have been annotated, contribution split to the annotations | team validation | 
| add icons for each annotation option and then visual indicators of which choice each user selected during the annotation | team validation | 
| support users in updating their annotations if/when they see inconcistencies | team validation |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 28th March 2023 </summary>

### Location and Time: CS building @ 1.30pm 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y|
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- group split for reports and demo videos 
- changing group admin
- talk about adding AND/OR buttons over Easter 
- talk about the num of colours filter, change to input text 
- group split for todays set supervisor tasks 
- new features we can add to the tools to impress Bob when we come back from Easter holiday eg. creating graphs at the exploration tool 
- notes category in the validation tool 

### Points Discussed:

- demo video after easter holiday 
- adding multi choice for filters on exploration 
- using a cookie instead of state to jump from the validation tool to annotation tool 



|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| software manual | zhening, yizhan, wenfei  |
| group report | nita | 
| user manual | jamie, nita  |
| fix the incorrect filtering on the exploration tool - check people's annotation first | jamie |
| expand image when clicked | jamie | 
| multi choice for filters on exploration if you have time | Yizhan |
| indicate how many images in common for users | nita |
| initials and colour icons on validation tool | wenfei |
| icons for each question on validation tool | zhening | 
| pie chart for contributions | nita |
| annotate 200 more images | wenfei, yizhan, jamie , zhening, nita | 
| text input for how many colours on exploration tool filter | yizhan | 
| link to annotation tool from validation tool | zhening |
| notes section on validation - if you have time | zhening | 
| write individual paragraphs in group report | everyone | 

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 2nd May 2023 </summary>

### Location and Time: 

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y|
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda

- talk about deliverable video 
- talk about final report status 

### Points Discussed:

- group split for the video 
- Wenfei wants to swap doing the software manual with Jamie for the user manual instead 


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| context & requirements for video | Jamie |
| future directions for project for video | Nita  |
| exploration tool demo video | Jamie | 
| annotation tool demo video | Nita |
| Validation tool demo video | Yizhan | 
| Slides for demo video | Zhening | 
| Video editing | Zhening |

</details>

<details><summary> Tuesday 2nd May 2023 - with supervisor </summary>

### Location and Time: 10am @ CS Building

| Attendees | Attended |
|-----------|--------------|
| Hyanggi L | N |
|Zhening Z | Y |
|Jamie V| Y|
|Yizhan H|  Y |
| Nita K| Y |
|Wenfei Q| Y |
|Luke W| N |

### Agenda


### Points Discussed:


|To-Do| Assigned To:|
|--------------------------------------|-------------------|
| |  |

</details>

</details>

## Requirements

#### Textual Analysis 

<details><summary> </summary>

![textual analysis](/Documents/textual_team10.png)

##### Questions and Assumptions
 
- Q1: Who is the user? 
<br><br>
- A1 relates to Q1: researchers, students, professors will be the target users of this web app 
- A2: the tools will be linked to eachother, so they can be used simultaneously 

</details>

#### Use Case 

<details><summary> </summary>

![use case](/Documents/usecase_team10.png)

The use case is brief as there is not any communication between users through the app, there is one user and the web app provides everything the user needs. We chose to build this diagram to help visualise what tools we would need to build and what the end goal of these tools uses are. We can now clearly see the 3 tools that will work together to acheive showing how use of colour has developed over time in data visualisation. 

##### Questions and Assumptions: 

- Q1: is there only 1 single goal all users would like to acheive? 
- Q2: is the annotation tool done byy the web app using colour recognition or manually by the user?
<br><br>
- A1: the tools will be linked to eachother, so they can be used simultaneously and they use eachothers data collected to perform
- A2 relates to Q1 : all users have the same goal and experience with the web app 
- A3 relates to Q2: the user manually annotates images using the tool we provide


</details>

#### Personas + User Stories

<details><summary> </summary>


| Persona | Photo | Name | Job Title | Demographics | Goals and Tasks | Environment | 
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Biology undergrad student who has general interest in use of colour | ![Isaac's image](/Documents/Isaac.jpg) | Isaac Jordan | Second Year Biology Student | - 20 years old<br> - Born in South East England, moved further north for university<br> - Studied Biology, Physics and History at A-Level with good grades in all three | Isaac is interested in discovering more about data visualisation and its evolution, especially since he wants to do well in his dissertation next year. He thinks understanding data visualisation in more depth will help him achieve this and allow him to represent concepts and key points in a clear and concise manner. He also finds the field intriguing simply due to its relevance and relationship with the sciences and other subjects that he enjoys the most. | Has lots of experience with interpreting and creating graphs and charts, but mostly by hand and not as much with technology. However, he is comfortable using technology for everyday things like social media and instant messaging. Might struggle with learning software unless it has a simplistic and intuitive UI. | 
| Elderly researcher Uncle Chan used to doing work manually not with computer | ![Chan's image](/Documents/Chan.jpg) | Uncle Chan | Researcher in data visualization | - 60 years old<br> - Born in England<br> - Not familiar with new technologies<br> - Get data visualization images from academic journals<br> | Uncle Chan is an elderly researcher whose research topics mainly focus on data visualization. One of his research work is to analyze characteristics of different kinds of data visualization images in various papers. He needs to get different data visualization images in papers first and annotate their characteristics. He wants a better way to annotate images instead of using pen and paper. He wants to sort different genre of images and colors been used among all annotated pictures | Used to use notebooks to do documentation and it's not easy to sort. Additionally, he had to repeatively writing same words when annotate same kinds of pictures. | 
| professor who is profficient with technology| ![Chris Bob's image](/Documents/Chris_Bob.png) | Chris Bob | one of the top 3 technology professor in university for 24 years |  - 55 years old<br> - Born in England<br> - Extremely familiar with technology, taught university students for 24 years, received good review(feedback about lecture) from students | Professor, Chris Bob is interested in get how the web application works(similar with technology), visualisation of web application. He always explore new things about technology for new web application development. He also finds his new explorements for his lecture to students. He enjoys with teaching students and he also finds his own skills to have good communication with students especially talk about technology section when students ask for it. | He showed really high quality in technology web application section. Eventhough he's fall down for multiple times but he successed his failure(trauma). However, still there's some that he needs to get up for the success but he's really trying to solve it. In his professor room, he always do hard working by himself that which lecture should be better to teach students and what kind of lecture styles that they will like it. | 
|University lecturer and resarcher, specalising in Data Anyalitics|![Bob's Image](/Documents/bob.png) |Lobert Raramee | University resarcher focusing on visual anayalatics and teaches modules on graphicsl data anyalsis | -Mid 30s <br> -Born in US bit has recently moved to UK <br> -Degree in both Physics and Computer Science <br> Very technical knowledge on data anyalsis | On top of his own resarch, Lobert has recently been trying to find new and useful tools to help his students with his data anyalsis module. He believes that the best possible thing would be some sort of tool to streamline the process of labelling and identifiying specific data in images. This technology will also help the storage and acessing of this data. | Lobert is very skilled with the current digital anyalsis tools as well as having an indepth knowledge information and graph theory. He has multiple published resarch articles on data anyalsis and is currently working on various visualisation projects. |   | 
| Information designer who attends data visualisation conferences | ![Weiss's image](/Documents/Weiss.jpg) | Weiss Jones | Top information designer in a global tech company | - 46 years old <br> - Lives and works in London <br> - Studied art and graphics <br> - Does research on data visulisation | Weiss Jones creates graphics for her company to make information accessible and transparent. She needs to get more inspiration and pay close attention to the development of data visualisation. Therefore, she wants some tools to explore and analyze images based on different properties. | Has been producing graphics, charts and maps for more than 20 years in the industry. Went from hand-drawn to fully digital creating procedure during the evolution of graphics, and gradually became a famous expert in this field. Was often invited to attend the visualisation conferences. | 
| Meteorologist Prof.Pearson| ![Pearson's image](/Documents/Pearson_Morris.jpg) |Pearson Morris| well known Meteorologist in his field, specialise in tornado | - 57 years old<br> - Live in America<br> -- Using satellite and radar images to study weather condition | Pearson Morris uses and creates graphics for his study to make it more clearly and easy for himself and other researchers to understand what's going on with the weather system. He needs to pay attention and use color precisely to make it accurate since every image has a deep inluence. Therefore, he wants a tool to analyze weather charts base on different weather condition. | Has been using graphic charts for more than 30 years, is skilled in reading and analyzing weather charts. Went from low quality and vague grahpic to full digital and high definition of graphics. Often publish charts on paper and meetings in fields. |
| Undergraduate Data Analytics Student at LSE  | ![persona photo](/Documents/Maya.png) | Maya Gomez | International First Year Student | - 18 years old <br> - Moved to UK for university<br> - has interest in economics and data analytics  | is very new to the subject and is not so sure of how interested they are in it. Wants to acheive good grades in the use of colour for data visualisation module. | Is skilled when it comes to technology including building graphs. Can pickup new software quite quickly as long as there is a manual or guidance. | 

#### User Stories:

##### Isacc Jordan - Biology Student


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As someone who mostly uses technology in the context of phones, I want the UI to be flat and intuitive so that I can understand how to use the tools quickly | The UI for each tool should be simplistic and avoid layers of menus where possible | 2 | 
| As a student, I want to have useful and relevant search filters for the exploration tool so that I can make comparisons and derive meaningful conclusions from the data | The exploration tool should support a wide range of useful filters and apply them accurately | 2 | 


##### Uncle Chan - Elderly Researcher


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As an elderly, I want the UI is easily understandable so that I can quickly get familiar with it | The UI should be user friendly and easy to getting start | 2 | 
| As an elderly, I might make mistakes when doing annotiation, I want to be able to change my previous annotations | The annotation can be edited at any time. | 2 | 
| As a researcher, I want a easy way to sort annotated images | The annotation and images can be easily sorted using keywords and displayed properly. | 1 | 

##### Prof.Pearson Morris - Meteorologist


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As a researcher, I want the UI to be easy and convenient to use, so that I can work in high efficiency. | The UI should be clear and not confusing, each with clear functions. | 1 | 
| As a well-known Meteorologist, I can't afford make mistakes, so the annotation should be able to save to local machine and the format should be wildly accepted. | I want my annotation can be changed at any time. | 2 | 

##### Prof.Chris Bob - Professor who is profficient with technology


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As a technology professor, I want the UI and web application to be successful project so that I can teach students more beneficially and they also can work efficiently. | I want my project result can be different but surely success to students.   | 1 | 
| As a researcher, I want to explore the UI and web application project more deeply with database visualisation(technology) so that I can prove and predict the result of the project(success). | The technology web application should be clearly successful result and not mix it(complicated). | 2 |

##### Weiss Jones - Information designer


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As an information designer, I want to search by tag or keyword in existing graphics so that I can come up with better ideas | The annotation should be precise, and the exploration tool should support searching | 2 | 
| As a researcher, I want to filter out different properties when browsing image database in data visualization so that I can look into the evolution and analyze | The exploration tool should support multiple filters and allow selection on time | 2 | 

##### User - Maya Gomez : 


| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As a student , I want a user manual so that I can understand how to use the software and keep up with my course and can learn how to use the tools as quickly as possible | The web tools should have an explanation section on how they are used | 1 | 
| As an new to the subject student, I want the tools to have a simple interface so that I can focus on the content I am trying to learn rather than figuring out the web app | The web app should have a simplified to look to it so as to not scare the students and have them thinking its complicated. Clear and simple images can be used instead of long messy looking words, that they can clic on when using the tools  | 2 | 
| As a student taking the use of colour for data visulisation module, I want to be able to build an aesthetically pleasing graph from the data i collect through annotating so that I can submit it for my coursework and get a good grade| the tool that allows a user to explore the colour properties over time can be a graph option | 1 | 

<br>

##### User - Lobert Raramee

| Requirement | Acceptance Criteria | Priority | 
| ------------------ | -------------------- | ----- |
| As a resarcher, I want to be able to have tools that allow me to quickly and efficently anaylise large data sets that are I am working on. Furthermore, I want to be able to provide these tools to my studetns to aide them with their own work and resarch projects. | The web app should provide a simple to use and all the tools should be easy to understand to those who are less skilled in data anyalsis | 1 | 
| Since I am working on large datasets with many complicated tasks, I would like to have "one size fits all" tool so that I can use this app for possible projects. | While still be simple to use, the app should provide a finely detailed and large ammount of possible tools and labeling options, so as to get the most possible value towards it.  | 1 | 
| While writing papers, I would want to be able to include graphical representations of my anyalsis to provide an ease of understanding. | The app can create graphs, plotting the various aspects and labels of the data sets. | 2 |


<br>
We decided to use personas and user stories as part of our requirements gathering as it helped visualise a way in which different people, of different inent and technological ability would be able to utilise the web app. Although the app is made for 3 distinct tasks contributing to 1 end goal, it was essential for us to see how to incorparate different levels of skill to make a coherent interface suitable for all users. As use of colour is a niche topic, you might assume that people using the web app would not need much simplification added to it as these people would already be skilled in this topic, however there are not many tools that are like our web app for these people to use so it is something new. Furthermore, even those with wide knowledge on the subject, may not have technological logic and there are people who are new to the topic that we have to consider, so therefore personas and user stories allow us to take these viewpoints into account.

##### Questions and Assumptions:

- Q1: can this web app be used together with a university course module? 

</details>

## Specification

#### Activity Diagram 

<details><summary> </summary>

##### Tool 1:

![activity diagram tool 1](/Documents/activitydiagram-tool1.png)

##### Tool 2 (Verification):

![activity diagram tool 2](/Documents/activitydiagram-tool2.jpg)
</details>

#### Sequence Diagram 

<details><summary> </summary>

##### Tool 1 (Annotation):

![activity diagram tool 1](/Documents/sequencediagram-tool1.png)

##### Tool 2 (Verification):

![activity diagram tool 2](/Documents/sequencediagram-tool2.png)

##### Tool 3 (Exploration):

![activity diagram tool 3](/Documents/sequencediagram-tool3.png)

</details>


#### Prototype

<details><summary> </summary>

![prototype tool 1](/Documents/Prototype_tool1_wenfei.jpeg)

</details>

## Requirements and Specifications Document 

<details><summary> expand details </summary>

</details>


## Test Plan 

<details><summary> </summary>

|Test|Reason|Inputs|Expected Outcome|Pass/Fail|Notes|
|----|---------------|------|----------------|-------|------|
| | | | | | |

<details><summary>Code Fixes</summary>
 

| Test | Why it failed | What changed to make them pass |
| ------ | ------------ | ------ |
| | | |
</details>


</details>
